docs: Fix small typo (#108)
hashicorp/packer-plugin-ansible: docs/provisioners/ansible.mdx

If you are using an Ansible version >= 2.8 and Packer hangs in the
"Gathering Facts" stage, this could be the result of a pipelineing issue with

> the proxy adapter that Packer uses. Setting `use_proxy: false` in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the proxy adapter that Packer uses. Setting `set_proxy` to `false` in your
```
